# Research-Galactic_Supernovae
Current and old code used for my research at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

These are the various pieces of code I've made for my research on predicting the location of the next visible Galactic supernova. Knowing where to look for the next one is vitally important not only for observing the very beginning of the exlosion itself, but also it's progenitor before the explosion. Having data on the star just before and during the explosion would be invaluable to the many researchers currently trying to model these events, for it is still not well known how these explosions are so powerful.

The various codes in here serve many different purposes, from simple models of different types of supernovae, to how far we can see through dust, to combining them to calculate where we will most likely see supernovae.

The code montecarlo1.py is still a work in progress (as of Sept 9, 2019). The goal is to have it agree with the output of the code probwithsight.py. Both are supposed to show where the most likely location on the sky of next Galactic supernova, accounting both for where one is likely to occur and if it'll be close enough for us to see with the naked eye. Any distribution labeled as 'Adams' refers to the distribution laid out in [Adams, et. al, (2013)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1306.0559). Any distribution labeled 'Green' refers to the distribution laid out in [Green, D. A., (2015)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1508.02931), with exception of the contents in the repository titled Green-Plots, which simply plots his catalog of supernova remnants in the sky.
